chore(chart): fix Orchestrator Infra Chart metadata to avoid conflicts with RHDH Chart (#131)
redhat-developer/rhdh-chart: charts/orchestrator-infra/README.md

# Orchestrator Infra Chart for OpenShift (Community Version)

![Version: 0.0.4](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.0.4-informational?style=flat-square)
![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square)

> Helm chart to deploy the Orchestrator solution's required infrastructure suite on OpenShift, including OpenShift Serverless Operator and OpenShift Serverless Logic Operator, used by the RHDH Orchestrator flavor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm chart to deploy the Orchestrator solution's required infrastructure suite on OpenShift, including OpenShift Serverless Operator and OpenShift Serverless Logic Operator, both required for the Red Hat Developer Hub when configured to use the Orchestrator.
```
